This page will catalogue the meeting minutes of members of the team, as well as with the Dissertation Supervisor

[Meeting Minutes](https://livekentac-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/jwb50_kent_ac_uk/EXpq-fHWVu9NgXkTGAjPPDsBlCbggIX4rYEB6IrtGfpK0A?e=hizbbU)

<table>
<tr>
<th>Date</th>
<th>Discussed</th>
<th>Actions for next meeting</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>20/06/22</td>
<td>

* Discussed documentation layout
* User stories and UML diagrams for each microservice
* Agile methodology
* Test Driven development
* Simple front end for service
</td>
<td>

James

* Set up GitLab
* Work on local Kubernetes and docker

John and Jordan

* Refamiliarize with software engineering
* Look into Web Development module
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>24/06/22</td>
<td>

Supervisor meeting (Rogerio)

* Look into daily scrum meetings
* Explanation of early deliverables
* JB experimented with local Kubernetes cluster
</td>
<td>

* Develop first draft for user stories
* Request access to Kent Cloud Computing to link with Kubernetes cluster
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>25/06/22</td>
<td>

* Discussed and broke down previous meeting
* Scrum-like meetings Monday to Friday
* Risk assessment done by James
</td>
<td>

* Develop user stories for microservices including all shareholders (students, academic staff and professional services)
* John to research frontend and software packages that can be used
* Jordan to created initial UML diagram for project registration microservice
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>27/06/22</td>
<td>

* User stories need to be redrafted and condensed
* Look at Gantt chart
* Lucid suggested to help with UML diagrams
</td>
<td>

* Jordan to condense an rework user stories
* Look into additions to risk assessment
* Work on a UML document
* John to further look into UI for frontend and ways to manage inputted data
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>30/06/22</td>
<td>

* Plans for timeline of development phase of project
* Simple HTML/CSS decided for front end to keep things simple
* James made amendments to Jordan's class diagram and started on a sequence diagram
* Shared access to GitLab
* Feedback made on user stories -- merge discuss, select and publish microservices
* Discussions on ethical review aspect of project registration microservice
</td>
<td>

* Jordan to continue work on user stories and a use case diagram
* John to continue with frontend design
* James continuing with Kubernetes cluster
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>01/07/22</td>
<td>

Supervisor meeting (Rogerio)

* Jordan and John should look into developing their own Kubernetes clusters
* Further feedback on user stories -- further simplification
* Additional user stories suggested for implementation
* Insight into the roles of different shareholders (Supervisors, professional services, module convenors and director role)
</td>
<td>

* Further polishing of user stories
* Jordan and John look further into Docker and Kubernetes
* James working on implementing a database into Kubernetes cluster
* Look into Springboot to containerise Java applications
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>04/07/22</td>
<td>

* John shows beginnings for front end, discussed additional features
* Discussed early deliverable and what to include
* James discussed progress into Springboot
* Jordan discussing progress in Kubernetes and Docker
* Aim to start development next week
</td>
<td>

* Jordan to begin documentation and building up of GitLab
* James working on getting Java application to communicate with database in cluster
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>05/07/22</td>
<td>

* James succeeded in communication between Java and database in cluster
* John showed progress on fronted implementation -- showed ability to add and remove group members from registration form
* Jordan showed work on GitLab -- user stories added under issues and started work on wiki
* James gave suggestions on building the wiki
</td>
<td>

* James to continue progress on Springboot
* John to work out some bugs on frontend when removing group members on registration form
* Jordan to further work on GitLab wiki and research into auto devops from GitLab
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>07/07/22</td>
<td>

* Discussed state of each component of the project thus far, and what tools are being used
* John discussed problems in Javascript and plans for ethics form
* Business logic to be added into Java instead of javascript
* Jordan showed work on GitLab and implementations for autodevops and Kubernetes
* <span dir="">James showed how Java backend works and how to run it</span>
</td>
<td>

* Jordan to familiarise with the Java backend and work on adding business logic
* James to containerise second microservice, creating readme for containerising process and build single node instance of Kubernetes on OpenStack
* <span dir="">John to finished registration form and upload to current GitLab repository</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">08/07 (Supervisor)</span>
</td>
<td>

* Updates on status of project
* Discussed running on a single node vs full cluster
* Full cluster stated as necessary for development
* <span dir="">Discussed additional user stories</span>
</td>
<td>

* Jordan and John to have something on Kubernetes – probably with minikube
* James to continue developing cluster
* Jordant to add user story for developer intergave (superuser) – should be able to add fields to the form and update the database fields automatically
* Jordan to have full list of user stories available
* <span dir="">John to consider how to implement multiple user types with differing access levels</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">12/07</span>
</td>
<td>

* Discussed containerising Javascript and outputting frontend data into Json to be sent to backend
* Discussed additional fields to be added to Json object
* <span dir="">James emailed requesting for a shared OpenStack project as opposed to the current separate projects each member has access to and to request for more instances of VMs</span>
</td>
<td>

* Jordan and James to do pair programming on Java backend
* James to add group members as an array in Java and whether degree is cyber security or not and add both in fields for database
* James to research into Prometheus and Grafana
* <span dir="">John to look at sub-moduling front end code to main repository and formatting Json so that Java will accept it</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14/07</td>
<td>

* John to work on converting data into Json – looking into php
* Jordan to continue working on converting Json to be read by Java and fed into database
* <span dir="">James taking a step back from project due to mental health</span>
</td>
<td>

* Continue on given work
* <span dir="">Ask Rogerio about the need for multiple clusters and how to access more instances on OpenStack</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">15/05 (Supervisor)</span>
</td>
<td>

* Issues with formatting of user stories
* Documentation should be on repository and not on the wiki tab of GitLab
* John struggling with converting group project field into Json
* <span dir="">Suggest to focus on accepting individual projects for now to get a working prototype up</span>
</td>
<td>

* Move documentation to repository
* Add conversations into user stories and better testing conditions
* <span dir="">John to change code to accept individual projects for now</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">18/07</span>
</td>
<td>

* Helped John set up VM on OpenStack
* John succeeded in converting data to Json
* John to work on containerising php
* Jordan fixed problems with getting OpenStack console up
* Jordan working on Java Springboot demo to gain better understanding of Springboot backend currently being implemented
* Reviewed variables used in Json to ensure consistency between front and back end
* <span dir="">Additional week extension due to James’ break from project – to be back by 25/07</span>
</td>
<td>

* Containerise php
* Continue working on Java
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">20/07</span>
</td>
<td>

* John succeeded in containerising but has trouble submitting registration form inputs on containerised version
* Jordan nearly finished with demo
* <span dir="">Jordan struggling with setting up Kubernetes cluster</span>
</td>
<td>

* Set up cluster on OpenStack
* Work on containerised php to fix problems
* <span dir="">Finished off Java</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">21/07</span>
</td>
<td>

* John sending email to Rogerio to advise on php problem
* Jordan got an app deployed on OpenStack
* Jordan helped John with setting up OpenStack to accept containers once php is fixed
* Jordan moved documentation to repository
* <span dir="">Jordan fixed user stories</span>
</td>
<td>

* John to fully set up cluster to be ready to deploy his image
* Show user stories for feedback next meeting
* <span dir="">John to continue working on php and have it work with submission form</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

22/07

<span dir="">(Supervisor with Jordan alone)</span>
</td>
<td>

* Cluster running an application
* <span dir="">Brainstormed different ways to split project into individual projects – Rogerio worried about John working full time</span>
</td>
<td>

* Jordan to finish prototype of project registration
* Either rebuild frontend entirely or work based off current implementation
* Create feature to read Excel spreadsheet into database
* <span dir="">Generate reports from database and convert to Excel spreadsheet – e.g. spreadsheet of project being managed by a specific supervisor</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">28/07</span>
</td>
<td>

* James ran through code for Jordan to gain better understanding of backend
* John succeeded in converting data into Json format ready to be sent to backend
* John suggesting format to manage GitLab from personal experience in professional environment
</td>
<td>

* John to run through how frontend converts data to Json to Jordan so that both can work on sending the data to the backend
* <span dir="">James working on validation from backend to reject invalid data</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">04/08</span>
</td>
<td>

* Jordan succeeded in sending Json to backend – removed php component and just relied on Javascript to reduce the necessary files for containerisation
* <span dir="">James working on adding validation into backend to reject data if certain parameters aren’t met – e.g. email formatting etc.</span>
</td>
<td>

* Jordan to begin work on Excel reader and Literature Review and Problem Statment chapters of dissertation
* <span dir="">James aiming to complete validation by the evening</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">05/08 (Supervisor)</span>
</td>
<td>

* Breakdown of what was done since last supervisor meeting
* Completed prototype that can run locally
* Redeveloped front end to use just Javascript instead of php to keep number of containers down
* <span dir="">Developed get all method in backend that can be tested with postman</span>
</td>
<td>

* James to deploy Kubernetes to shared userspace, deploy project and organise continuous development on GitLab
* Jame and John to work on providing structure of the dissertation as well as lit review and problem statement
* John to work on access control – restrict access depending on user type (student, supervisor etc.)
* Jordan to finish excel reader to database and report generation for convenor
* <span dir="">Draw up workflow for group projects – project in staging state when one member files for registration until everyone signs off</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">11/08</span>
</td>
<td>

* James got single node onto VM and Postgres image on helm chart
* Save front and backend images onto GitLab so they can be pulled by helm
* <span dir="">Jordan got excel reader to work</span>
</td>
<td>

* James to get app running on Kubernetes and start on ethics form component
* John to hide and show elements of registration page depending on the user as well as landing page specifying user type and login
* <span dir="">Jordan to work on report generation to front end</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">12/08 (Supervisor)</span>
</td>
<td>

* Feedback for initial drafts of dissertation
* Discussed what to add in lit review – spring, bootstrap, JQuery, Kubernetes case studies
* Background to cover what wasn’t covered in the course
* Lit Review – why Kubernetes is used
* Evaluation – Acceptability tests and were expectations met
* Corpus – Recommend recording video of different contributions
* Excel reader needs to account for incorrect formatting of excel spreadsheets – provide template and test if format is acceptable
</td>
<td>

* <span dir="">Continue on respective work and look at feedback provided on initial chapters</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">18/08</span>
</td>
<td>

* John has initial login page
* To be commented in dissertation – getting clusters up early might have made development smoother
* Future similar projects might provide pre-managed clusters so students don’t have to learn Kubernetes from scratch and develop a cluster
* Jordan working on validation of excel spreadsheet
* <span dir="">Jordan completed report generation functionality</span>
</td>
<td>

* John to link login page to registration form and hide respective elements
* <span dir="">Jordan to continue with fleshing out report generation and excel spreadsheet validation</span>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>19/08 (Supervisor)</td>
<td>

* Identify gap in research – managing administration of final year projects
* Why is it a problem there is this gap – research stress of admin barriers
* Solution – project manager
* Corpus – link to repository and add editors to view repo for marking
* Corpus video 3-5 minutes in length
* Write up – Tool section in appendix – use to put unnecessary information
* <span dir="">John also created supervisor page with excel reader functionality for now</span>
</td>
<td>

* Restrict supervisor access for report generation to their own projects
* Add field for project registration status – accepted, waiting review, waiting for ethics review, ethics review status
* Supervisors to reject projects on their page and delete the stored information from the database
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

<span dir="">23/08</span>
</td>
<td>

* James ran through how to get images onto GitLab CI/CD
* <span dir="">Images need to be put on the same container so they don’t need to be deployed separately</span>
</td>
<td>

* Jordan and John to merge branches and resolved any conflicts
* <span dir="">John working on landing page and functionality for students that have already registered to projects</span>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

